You wanted to see me?
Yeah, come on in and go ahead and close the door, please.
Thanks for coming up.
Yeah, absolutely.
And Ben, all of your projects have come in on schedule and under budget.
We're really impressed.
And we want to move you up to the management team.
Now, you had up the whole division to start.
Management team, I like the sound of that.
Not to mention the pay raise and the bonuses.
It did sound like a lot more work.
Victor was so positive.
There may be a little overtime here and there, but I wouldn't worry about it.
Not with your skill.
He told me I could think about it before deciding.
But come on.
This was a no-brainer.
The new position was great.
And the money?
Well, that wasn't too bad either.
It was exciting to work directly with clients.
But the hours were crazy.
Our seldom the same.
We see an example of this in this week's Bible reading.
True worship, the right thing, was not easy.
But required hard work.
Kim has a client.
So a question for the audience is, how could we explain this to someone?
Able, please.
Most nights, I was wiped out.
And I have to admit, even when I wasn't working, I was working.
We're really impressed.
And we want to move you up to the management team.
Now, you head up the whole division to start.
Victor's offer really took me by surprise.
And wow, the perks were tempting.
But I knew there was a lot at stake.
So I told him I talked to Lisa and get back to him tomorrow.
What was this job going to mean for our spiritual goals?
Would we still be able to keep our life simple?
Were we ready to trade our time together as a family for more money?
The next day, I told Victor how much I appreciated the opportunity,
but felt that it just wasn't the right fit for our family.
Money was tight, but we were okay.
We had what we needed, saying no to that promotion,
meant holding off on a few upgrades.
But it also meant more time for meeting preparation,
more time for the ministry, and more time for each other.
Hey Ben, looks like you forgot to sign off from the job order.
Actually, these failed that quality inspection, remember?
Yeah, but I like two chances of a point.
Yeah, I already talked to Steve about replacing the components,
and we're going to get that order adjusted
and I'll have a new one for you on your desk tomorrow afternoon.
Ben, there's no time for that.
This is a huge account.
If you don't sign off on this, you'd be hurting the whole company.
What?
Victor, I'm not sure that I'm really comfortable
bypassing the inspection when...
Ben, I'm not asking you to tell some big lie.
This is a technicality.
Remember, a good quarter means good bonuses for everyone, including you.
I didn't want to do it.
But the last thing that Lisa and I needed was for me to lose my job.
I really didn't have a choice.
They can't believe you.
I kept telling myself that it was no big deal.
All lies are bad.
Even little ones.
One lie leads to another.
And they cause much harm.
It's simple, right?
Jehovah's people always tell the truth.
Hey Ben, how you doing?
Good, how's the job going?
Oh, machines running great.
Ben, I did have a question on the specs for the Harris to job.
Can we take a quick look?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You need a hand?
No, I'm good.
What happened, guys?
We got to do something up.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm pretty sure that I would just say it stopped working.
Whatever you do, don't tell Victor what happened.
We just got this set up last month.
Why would it just stop working?
It could happen.
You can actually smell the coffee.
I'll talk to Victor.
Don't throw yourself under the bus, man.
We'll help you get this cleaned up.
No one will have to know.
This is one of the most expensive units in the shop.
You take the blame and you just make yourself look bad.
No, it's okay.
It was a mistake.
I'll explain it.
We need to get this back online.
In the end, I think Victor actually appreciated my honesty.
But he wasn't the only one.
Mark had some questions.
And we had a great discussion.
The company took on new clients this year.
And I knew that Victor was really depending on me to keep things on schedule.
I didn't want to let him down.
So, I stepped up and took on the overtime hours.
I figured it was temporary.
And I even got to take home a bigger paycheck.
The problem is,
that's not all I took home.
By the end of each week, I was burned out.
And the weekends?
Well, they weren't really any better.
In fact, I spent a lot of Saturdays back at the office.
The project took a lot longer than I thought.
That pretty much took out field service and the meetings.
But I knew that management would be impressed.
That machine is essential so I can get these parts.
I got the reports in right on time.
Look, this is costing a lot of money.
I got a first quarter that I have to meet.
And without this, it's going to kill me.
You know, we had a contract that you were supposed to...
Like I said, I don't care about you.
I was working harder than ever.
And in the end,
I'm not sure anyone even cared.
It had been a busy week.
But the weekend was going to be even busier.
And better.
But first, I needed to make an important stop.
Hey, John, how are you feeling?
Ben, how are you doing?
Good.
This illness had been so hard on John and Sandy.
I couldn't even imagine what they were going through.
It was so encouraging to see John's positive attitude.
The next day, we had a fantastic conversation in the ministry.
Then, Tom and I finally figured out that glitch in the AV system.
Okay, Tom.
Go ahead and hit play.
It's played.
Okay.
Everything looked and sounded great.
We definitely were busy.
But in the best way possible.
Doing things that really mattered.
And for people who love Jehovah.
And believe me, that's not the only dirt I have on Victor.
Okay.
We're listening.
So last week, he's talking in his office, right?
And he has no idea that I'm standing right there.
And he's bragging to his buddy.
I really didn't want to hear this.
Lunch with them seemed harmless.
But this was anything but a building.
Hey, hey, check out these guys.
It's the Bible people.
Uh-oh.
They don't look now.
They have someone.
They might try to convert us, too.
What is the deal with these people?
I mean, it's cool if you want to believe in fairy tales and everything.
But keep it to yourself, right?
Exactly.
Those carts are everywhere now.
They're all over the city.
I couldn't finish my lunch.
I had never noticed how sarcastic and negative my co-workers could be.
I had always thought of them as, well, as friends.
But what kind of friends was I making?
I was so glad I had taken a day off from work.
How long had it been since Lisa and I got to spend a whole day together in midweek service?
Lisa started a Bible study.
And we got to share our day with good friends.
People like Sam and Chloe.
They've really been there for us through the ups and downs.
Is that you?
What are you doing over there?
Did you guys know about this?
I don't know where we'd be if Jehovah hadn't helped us to keep our priorities straight.
Keeping our life simple.
Having a clean conscience.
Staying focused on work that has real meaning.
And having real friends.
What more can you ask for?